Design for Programming Assignment 1:

1. Input the x and y coordinates of the first observer.
	1.1 Declare variables a and b as type float to represent the x and y coordinates of the first observer.
	1.2 Use the cout statement to tell the user to input the x and y values for the first observer.
	1.3 Use the cin statement to input the values entered by the user into variables a and b.


2. Input the x and y coordinates of the second observer.
	2.1 Declare variables c and d as type float to represent the x and y coordinates of the second observer.
	2.2 Use the cout statement to tell the user to input the x and y values for the second observer.
	2.3 Use the cin statement to input the values entered by the user into variables c and d.


3. Input the x and y coordinates of the third observer.
	3.1 Declare variables e and f as type float to represent the x and y coordinates of the third observer.
	3.2 Use the cout statement to tell the user to input the x and y values for the third observer.
	3.3 Use the cin statement to input the values entered by the user into variables e and f.


4. Calculate the x and y coordinates of the center of the circle.
	4.1 Declare variables x and y as type float to represent the coordinate (x, y) for the center of the circle.
	4.2 Put in the values of the three observers (a, b, c, d, e, f) into the formula for the x coordinate of the center of circle.
	4.3 Put in the values of the three observers (a, b, c, d, e, f) into the formula for the y coordinate of the center of circle.


5. Calculate the radius of the circle.
	5.1 Declare variable radius as type float.
	5.2 Put in variables for the center of circle and the first observer into formula for radius.


6. Display the input information.
	6.1 Display the values the user entered for (a, b, c, d, e, f) by using the cout statement.


7. Display the calculated center point and radius for the circle.
	7.1 By using the cout statement, display the calculated values for the center of the circle and its radius.






